grammar improvements (#671)
t2linux/wiki: docs/guides/postinstall.md

# Introduction

This page explains how to perform a basic setup after installing Linux on a T2 Mac.

## Do you need to do this?

This guide is mainly relevant in the following cases:

1. If you have installed Linux using an official ISO, instead of a T2 ISO.
2. The [Make modules load on early boot](#make-modules-load-on-early-boot) section is relevant for those who wish to encrypt their disk drives using LUKS or some other similar software.
3. If some functionality related to T2 Macs is broken, then you can consider following this guide.

In other cases, you probably won't need to follow this guide.

If you have used a T2 ISO, **make sure you have followed the [distro specific guide](https://wiki.t2linux.org/distributions/overview/) for your distro before continuing**.

## Installing a kernel for T2 support

> Installing a kernel with support for T2 Macs is required to get the keyboard, trackpad, touch bar, audio, fan, and Wi-Fi working.

Reviewer: Let's keep the capital letters here in order to kinda highlight what were are providing.

## Make modules load on early boot

Having the `apple-bce` module loaded early allows the use of the keyboard for decrypting encrypted volumes (LUKS).
It is also useful when boot doesn't work and the keyboard is required for debugging.

> To do this, you must ensure the `apple-bce` module *as well as its dependent modules* are included in the initial RAM disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, you must ensure the `apple-bce` module *as well as its dependent modules* are included in the initial ramdisk.
```

Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Initial_ramdisk

## Adding support for customisable Touch Bar

> 

Reviewer 2: The person who sent PR is American so it does make sense for him to change it to American English spelling. I use both, switching whenever I feel like switching though.

> 

Author: Apologizes for this. My spell check automatically picked it up and I didn't question it. I agree it should be consistent one way or another. 

Perhaps there's a case to be made since [Apple gets more money from the Americas](https://www.investopedia.com/articles/markets/031316/apples-5-most-profitable-lines-business-aapl.asp) than other parts of the world there's probably going to be more American English users coming (not that it matters much).

However, I ran a quick script over the md files use breame and it seems fairly split (ignoring the install/disk).
<img width="456" height="670" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4e610ed2-dc0f-4594-8747-ccd688c4bc69" />

If you let me know, I can fix this in this PR or a separate one.
